Credits
2631 left
Share
You can get hooked on healing
Human
Sep 21, 2026 12:00 AM
335 words
AI Highlight
You can get hooked on healing too. The wound can be completely real while you're checking it for the hundredth time to see whether you've finally grieved it correctly.
Going back can still matter, since realizations are a real part of life. But returning to the same wound can also become a search for certainty in an inherently uncertain existence. Spending all day asking, "Did I process it properly? Did I grieve it enough?" is clearly not what we're after here.
If you're feeling guilty because you didn't put your seat belt on, just put it on. If you still want to investigate it later, fine. Perhaps now and then you feel bad about that time you refused to put it on, broke your collar bone in a crash, and then got blamed for not wearing it. That's natural, but doesn't mean there's something new to look at. Then the background checker goes, “But are you really listening?” There it is. Seat belt's on. Where were we?
Don't be afraid to ask your therapist/yourself "What is this practice supposed to help, and how would I know if it's helping?" This sovereign, gently curious stance should apply to everything in life. Feeling calmer or having deeper insights or explanations for the trauma response are some possible signs of initial progress, but if that's the endgame, it's just a cope. Real healing is ultimately measured by reduced need for the therapy, just like real growing up is not something you do forever. And if the therapy is actually working, it should improve your daily life, and especially the health of the inner child-inner adult relationship. Going at it harder isn't as useful as going at it with more wisdom and compassion. Take the parts that work, and innovate on the rest.
If these exercises start feeling like a ritual you have to complete before you're allowed to live, stop there.
Overview
Details
Notes
Human Written
335 words scanned
Pangram
4.0
We believe that this entire text is human-written.
100
%
of this text is
Human Written
Was this result helpful?
Plagiarism Analysis
Check for Plagiarism
1 credit / 100 words

This document was analyzed with the Pangram AI Text Detector.
The highlighted passages show where the text is likely AI-generated.

Check your own text
ABOUT THIS RESULT
What does the percentage mean?
–

Advanced AI detection tools don’t treat a document as a single giant block of text. Rather, these tools break down the text into segments, sentences, and paragraphs. These individual chunks are scored as segments. If you get a 30% score on a 10-page paper, it likely means that roughly three pages worth of text display the patterns that are typical of an LLM. If you are using an AI detector and a particular document gets a low score (e.g., 30% AI-generated), this usually indicates a hybrid document. A hybrid document is usually written by a human and then edited with the assistance of an AI tool or the AI-generated text is added on. What does your AI detection score mean?

Could this be a false positive?
+
Why is confidence limited on short text?
+
How does Pangram detect AI?
+
PRODUCTS
AI Detector
AI Image Detector
Browser Extension
Gmail
API
Integrations
Plagiarism Checker
Multilingual AI Detection
FOR ORGANIZATIONS
For Teachers
For Publishing & Media
For Content Moderation
For Developers
For Law Firms
For Universities
For Recruiters
For ML Engineers
For Compliance
RESEARCH
How AI Detection Works
Pangram Research Papers
Research Inquiries
Press
Models
Events
Reviews
RESOURCES
Knowledge Hub
AI Education
Product Updates
News
Case Studies
Blog
Pricing
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy FAQ
Status
COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Press
SOC2 TYPE2
Verified by AssuranceLab
© 2026 Pangram. All rights reserved.
info@pangram.com
Join our Community